Hi everyone, and welcome to
the self-driving car garage at
the University of Waterloo.
I'm here with my good friend and
colleague, Krzysztof Czarnecki.
We're going to talk today about
safety aspects of autonomous driving.
Why don't we start a little bit with
all the great things you've done
in terms of safety designed
for autonomous vehicles?
I've worked for DIMER Research.
That's been 16 years ago
and 12 years ago,
I had a chance to ride in
a autonomous vehicle, a prototype.
One of the early ones.
Oh, yeah, it was pretty exciting.
When I arrived in Waterloo,
I've worked on automotive
software and safety has
been always an important topic
in automotive software,
mostly in terms of potential bugs.
Essentially, you don't
want to get the debts
of the screen of death.
Essentially, in
a vehicle while you are
driving at 100 kilometers an hour,
the auto burn, and for
about two years now,
I've been working on autonomous
vehicles and particularly,
the safety aspect of it.
So, focusing on architecture,
the design methodologies,
dealing with safety
of machine learning
and the behavior of
the vehicle in traffic.